Cybersecurity Design: More Experiments and Further Development
--------------------------------------------------------------

The aim of cybersecurity design is to discover or instantiate: axioms, assump-
tions, and enforced rules which enable us to prove that the objectives are true.
some intermediate propositions that we also wish to prove.

[Even if the reader agrees with this statement, it needs justification, and cross-referencing.
Where does this idea come from? What is the justification? What about 
the views of others, which are so much easier to believe? Are they wrong?
Why are they wrong?

Adding the necessary cross-references and justification is a good thing
for the dissertation, and for you, because adding these explanations
and cross-references will allow the work to become much better, to become
clear to the reader, to become substantial, to become convincing, and to
allow you to express your views.] 

Cybersecurity is essentially the enforcing of the rules(mandatory objectives and
their conditions) required by the stakeholders of the system under considera-
tion.
[This is too simplified, too direct. This approach to cybersecurity is not
"conventional". It is not essential to think or believe the same thing as
others, but it is important to be aware of what other's believe, and to
acknowledge it. 

In particular, to suggest that cybersecurity _as_a_whole_ is about enforcing rules
is not realistic. There are other aspects. It is not cybersecurity that is about
rules, but cybersecurity architecture.]
-->
Cybersecurity architecture is essentially identifying the rules (mandatory objectives and
their conditions) required by the stakeholders of the system under consideration.
The rules ascribed to each stakeholder must be enforcable, and the security that they
provide will not contribute to system security unless they _are_ enforced. If we 
are able to be certain that all rules are enforced, cybersecurity in the sense
defined by these rules will be assured.

The collection of cybersecurity rules forms a graph, in which the vertices
represent cybersecurity rules,
[The rulesgraph paper should be cited here.]

(Rerup 2018) [This is an incorrect citation. Rerup does not say anything like
the previous sentence. Using this incorrect citation will mislead the reader
and it could be quite dangerous to mislead the reader in this way. The best
approach is to be accurate.]

5.1.1 Objectives of this research
[This subsection seems to be out of place. Probably best to remove it.]

5.1.2 Stakeholder Analysis
[Repeated subsection heading. Remove.]

[Surely "stakeholder analysis" was treated earlier? I suspect the reason this
introductory paragraph is here is because it was appropriate in the paper from
which it has been drawn. This is not a good reason to included it here.

Instead, what is needed here, is to explain that what follows is a _different_
example.

The original material presented in this chapter is the concept of "inference graph".
It is good to present it here, but it needs to be _explained_. In what sense
does the inference graph support the overall plan of the dissertation?

The answer is that it is a way to _illustrate_ and _explain_ how the policies 
of the stakeholders are enforced. 

The password reset example is good, but it seems likely that a good deal of what
is presented in this chapter was already present in the preceding chapter! It is
not satisfactory to present the same contents twice.

It is ok to present the inference graph of the password reset example, and of the 
parcel box example, in this chapter. This is original content, not presented
in Nabeel's dissertation, for example, and not presented earlier in your dissertation.

The duplicated material needs to be removed. Please compare the two treatments and
if one is more accurate and clear, use that one. But don't include both.

The inference graphs for _both_ examples can be presented in this chapter.

Alternatively, it might make sense to re-arrange Chapters 4 and 5 so that all of the
purely logical treatments are in Ch 4 and all of the inference graphs are
in Ch 5. If the current arrangement is kept mostly unchanged, Ch 4 could 
be reorganised to have both the logic
and the graph for the pwd reset system, while Ch 5 would have both the logic
and the graph for the parcel box example.

I see that there is actually a third example (certificates) in Ch 5. So, if
basically the original arrangement is kept, this would be just in Ch 5 (which
is how it is now), while in the alternative arrangement, the logic
for certificates would need to move to Ch 4.

For the moment, its probably best to stick with the current arrangement. But,
the reader needs to be informed about this arrangement, by providing a "preview"
of all three examples. This could be at the start of Ch 4, or perhaps even in
an earlier chapter, eg in Ch 3.
]

Tables 5.1 - 5.3
[These tables are all too narrow. They need to be made wider, so they fit into 
a page more easily. They will be much easier to read then.]

5.3 Examples

[This is not the correct section heading to include here. It makes sense to have a heading
called "Examples", if the preceding text presents the theory that is now illustrated
by a series of examples. But you have already used an example, in the preceding chapter,
namely the pwd reset system. So the dissertation has already chosen _not_ to have
a section of examples. 

Each chapter needs to have its own clear goals and achievements. These should be explained,
at the start of the chapter, and reviewed, at the end of the chapter. This is very reassuring
for the reader. It also helps you to do a good job of organising the contents. ]

If, as is currently the case, examples are distributed through the dissertation,
when a new example is presented, the section heading should clearly state that
a new example is introduced here, and name it. Eg "Example: A Password Reset System",
or "Example: a Parcel Box". The examples could be numbered, in which case, it would
become "Example 1. A Password Reset System" etc. 

These examples should also be outlined much earlier, eg in Ch 1.]
