A Social Contract for Cyberspace
--------------------------------

Respect for life, for property, But
[Not a sentence. It is _very_ important_ to write in sentences.]
-->
Respect for life, for property, are examples of values which {\em most} citizens respect. But

an increasingly rigorous, and technical, role for the social contract.
-->
an increasingly rigorous, and technical, role for the social contract that is proposed in this chapter.

Done......

Figure 6.1.
[This is not a sentence. You are trying to say something, by this phrase. Please use sentences to say it.
Because this is a dissertation, not a paper, you can use several sentences, eg explain what the nodes are,
and what are the little red squares (I presume these are policies).]

as shown in Figure 6.2 [The style of Figures 6.1 and 6.2 is not consistent. It might be better to redraw one, or
the other, or both, to be more consistent.]

The reason the Issue-\ref{} text doesn't work is because in the paper, each issue
was introduced first as a problem, and then as a solution, but

Here follows a classified survey of such issues, including
some accounts of their particular features in a form that is relevant to their
subsequent discussion, in §6.5.4.

[It would be good to explain, at this point, that all these examples are "solved"
in Section 6.5.4. This was not included in the atnac paper because of lack of space,
but there is no lack of space now, so failing to make a cross-reference like this
is a mistake and a wasted opportunity. In a sense, the more cross-references
from one part of your dissertation to another, the better, because they create
a sense of unity. Every one is like an endorsement that your whole dissertation makes
good sense.

It is also important to explain that in this section (6.3), the _problems_
are presented, but _not_ the solutions. This is because the social contract
proposal needs to be introduced before the "solutions" can be explained.
This is a helpful way to explain the need for the social contract because
it can be discussed in the context of all the problems having been raised.]

The simplest form of identity theft is for an attacker to find, discover, or guess
another user’s password, and then use it for services they are not entitled to.
[There are many examples and possible citations for this example. It would be beneficial
add such contents and citations. There is no need for brevity in the treatment
of these examples, in your dissertation. In particular, an extremely common,
and important identity theft mechanism is based on convincing a telecommunications
company to issue a new SIM card for a user, and then using that to break into
other systems. This has been used for major exploits, which are on the public
record.]

recieved --> received

However, this method for distributing and validating smart phone software
directly contradicts Criterion C-2. Operating system vendors are adopting a
highly asymmetical role relative to users in this approach to protection of users.
[This is too brief. You have room, here, to spell out that this asymmetrical
relationship can be, and probably already is, exploitative.]

Issue I-7. The Gig-economy (Uber et al)

[Also, much too brief. This observation basically applies to all these examples.]

Necessity and Existence
-->
Necessity and Existence of a Social Contract

[In this document, brevity is inappropriate. It reduces clarity, which is
disturbing to the reader, and harmful to the interests of the author (ie you).]

agreement, privacy.
-->
agreement, and privacy.
[Make sure that "and" uses the normal font for the body of the dissertation, but
"agreement" and "privacy" use the same font as the other search terms.]

14

[In the paper, there was at least one additional issue, which was commented
out due to lack of space. You could restore this issue. But if you do,
don't forget to change the number 14 to 15. You could also add more
issues. There is also some other text, in the atnac paper, which has
been commented out, which you might want to think about restoring,
since there is no space constraint.]

because there are so many examples
(14), it has not been possible to treat any of them in depth.
[In the paper, some "solutions" were not presented at all.
There is now room to provide "solutions" to _all_ the problems.]




