Experiments and Proofs in Cybersecurity
---------------------------------------

Introduction
------------
cyber spase --> cyberspace

This approach
has been used in this dissertation, and the results of both the attacks and the
resulting defences are reported.
[This approach was used rather selectively, in just one case, I suspect: the pwd reset attack . Please
provide a cross-reference to the place where this work is reported, in the dissertation.]

Both a security audit and a stakeholder security analysis are applied in this
dissertation to a specific subsystem of a web service system being developed and
managed by the authors.
[Please add cross-references to the parts of your dissertation that you are referring to.
Make sure to use \label{xx} (to place the marker) and \ref{xx} to refer to another location.]

Original Design of Password Reset Service
-----------------------------------------
[At this point, the dissertation stops reviewing literature and describes
work which you participated in. But you have failed to acknowledge
the others with whom this work was done, and you have not cited
the paper in which it was originally reported. You were one of the authors,
but the work of the other authors needs to be acknowledged. You need
therefore to: (a) explain that you are describing original work by
yourself, with colleagues; (b) list the colleagues with whom it was
done; (c) cite the paper in which this work was previously described.

Also, the title "Original Design of Password Reset Service"
is odd as a way to introduce these experiments. What would make more sense
here is to have a heading which explains that a Password Reset 
Service is being "security-audited". The idea that this should be done
was introduced earlier, so it makes sense to explain that it is being
done here.]

[Figures 4.1 and 4.2 are not relevant. They are not referenced in the text
of the dissertation. There is no reason to refer to them, because the experiments
in which these diagrams are relevant are not included in your chapter. They
should not be included. Please remove the figures.]

[Institute (2018) is not a valid citation. The author is not called 
Institute. That is the name of the host institution. 
Please remove or replace this citation.]

In (Sheniar et al. 2018a), stakeholder security analysis helped in determining:
who would be an attacker, and how would a successful attack be carried out?
Also, how should security rules be changed to make the system safer?
[The first statement is not a question, so please replace "?" by ".".
Also, the first statement is not a correct description of stakeholder security
analysis (as we define it) at all. It is just a statement that could be true.
It is not enough to write statements which could be true. You should only
write what you believe to be true, and for which you have clear evidence.]

However, the most important
[Now you give a correct description of stakeholder security analysis. Good.
But "However" might not be appropriate.]


