Comments
--------

INTRODUCTION --> Introduction

1.1.1 Cybersecurity Definition
[This material is important, but it might be better placed after some other more basic introductory ideas.]

. Because of it is resent
-->
, however, because of its recent
["resent" means "sent again", whereas "recent" means "in not to distant past"]

Also, the current definitions
-->
Also, current interpretations of this term

between governmental, professional and academic
-->
between governmental, professional and academic domains

The second rapid developments
-->
The second is the rapid development

change in the understanding of some terms
-->
change in the inpretation of key terms

by reliable sources
-->
in current literature

chapter 2 --> Chapter 2 [Name of chapter. Names have capital letters.]

Then we propose a new definition representing what this term is in a different way.
-->
We then propose a new definition, with considerable advantages in clarity and simplicity, 
which is more appropriate for the research reported in this dissertation.
[But either of these sentences seems to imply that this new definition will be provided
later, in Chapter 2. This is not the case. The definition is provided immediately!

If the existing definitions are reviewed in Chapter 2, it is premature to introduce this
definition here. What is the point of reviewing the definitions later, when you have alredy
defined the term here? This needs to be re-organisd, or re-expressed. 

One approach would be to discuss the alternative definitions briefly here, and explain
that these will be discussed at more length later, in Chapter 2.]
-->
We now propose a new definition, with considerable advantages in clarity and simplicity, 
which is more appropriate for the research reported in this dissertation.
Alternative interpretations, or definitions, of cybersecurity will be considered in more depth
in Chapter 2.

This is not a conventional view because it includes privacy, safety, financial
-->
This definition of cybersecurity includes consideration of privacy, safety, and financial

In all major
operating systems policies, for all installed applications, are already or soon
will be an important component of system security.
-->

In all major
operating systems policies, for all installed applications, policies are already or soon
will be an important component of system security.

The current policies may support the practice of unethical issues through cyberspace.
[This seems to be out of place. At the very least, this sentence should not occur
in the middle of a paragraph. It would be even better if a new subsection is introduced
ahead of this sentence.]

These policies seek
to achieve certain mandatory goals without the other goals.
[What other goals? ?]

For example, that
surface web focused on transparency in tracking information sources to the ex-
tent that the privacy of individuals and institutions was violated by government
agencies or rights holders.
[This seems to be an ethical concern; introducing this without some preparation
will disturb the reader.]

On the other hand, on the deep Internet, this pri-
vacy is preserved in Tor, to the extent that this privacy is a starting point for
the creation of a virtual crime world Dark Side (??).
[Missing entries in your BiBTeX database! Also, you seem to be making a point, but
the point you are making is not clear. You need to state clearly what you mean, 
and then provide evidence to support your claim.]

It seems that the lack of
consistency between the primary objectives is a clear weakness in cybersecurity
policies.
[You have not made clear which policies are inconsistent, nor what the inconsistency is.]

Stakeholders need to ”negotiate”
-->
Stakeholders need to ``negotiate'' [please use the right quotes]


