Comments on Chapter 3, Methodology
----------------------------------

Perhaps the basic vision of cybersecurity is to reach
a virtuous digital world.
[This is a very "personal" statement. It needs to be
re-expressed to be more "universal". From an Australian
point of view "virtue" is not so clearly a "universal goal".]
-->
Perhaps the basic vision of cybersecurity is to ensure a safe digital world.

[This restatement of your view is much less bold, less ambitious. Please consider.
In truth, if your vision of an ideal cyberspace is too different from
your colleagues, it may not be feasible to convince them of its correctness.
If you disagree, ie you think you can convince them, then you will need
to undertake that task -- ie explain why your vision is the right one.]

[In the Western view, the ethics of others can be different from our own,
without necessity for conflict. There are, probably, some ethical principles
which are "universal", ie we all share them. Respect for life, for property,
for example. But there are other values (ethics) which are not universal.
I think the fact that human values vary from person to person does not invalidate
your "project". But it does affect it. In particular, the fact that values
varies is, in a sense, why we need a "social contract".]

In order to reach such a strategic goal, the mission
of cybersecurity must be how to insert human ethics and values into software
values.
[I don't think "insert" is the right action here. It suggests that ethics and values
are like a "rule book" that can be replaced, or modified. But it is not enough
to replace a rule book, in general, because the system must actually "obey"
the rule book. That is part of your project also. And some of your work
actually address this task. So, the action must be more "subtle"]
-->
In order to reach such a strategic goal, the mission
of cybersecurity must be to incorporate human ethics and values in software.

This matter in itself is not easy at all because it requires an ethical
philosophy related to cybersecurity.
[True. But even before the difficulty, it is important to comment on
the fact that you have "concluded" that this _need_ is now clear.
Your argument is, I believe, correct, but unless you spell it out,
the reader will not even attempt to agree. On the other hand, if
you propose this idea as a "hypothesis", you are _inviting_ the reader
to agree, and then, in a sense, they are forced to accept your idea.]
-->
Traditionally, software developers do not envisage 
ethical objectives as legitimate, or feasible, goals. In this
dissertation we propose a contrary hypothesis, namely that
ethical objectives are not only feasible, but essential.
Incorporation of ethical objectives is not easy because it requires 
development of a different philosophy of cybersecurity software.

This philosophy proposes that cyberspace
be an ideal alternative to the real world as much as possible. What we mean
by idealism here is that the presence of each member in this space is effective
and not harmful to others.
[You are proposing that the reader adopt a new philosophy of life.
This is hard to justify in a technical dissertation. A more reasonable
strategy is to propose that the reader adopt a new philosophy concerning
what can be done in software. If this is sufficient, for your goal, it
is the correct strategy. The key to achieving your goal, without forcing
all users to adopt ethical principles that they don't agree with, is
to seek agreement only on a core set of ethical principles: the social
contract.]
-->
This new, different philosophy of cybersecurity software proposes
that there are some core ethical principles that every reasonable
person must accept, that these core principles _must_ be incorporated
in our cybersecurity systems, and once this is done, any mandatory ethical 
principles that are important to individuals, but which are not
uniformly adopted, and in fact vary significantly from one to another, can
be accomodated by applying the core ethical principles that are mutually
agreed.

1. What is the current presence of members in cyberspace? And,
-->
1. Fundamentally, what does membership of cyberspace constitute -- what are
the actions it enables, the impacts it allows, its obligations, and its rights? and,

2. how can this membership, with all that it entails, be guided or constrained to
fit the reasonable ethical principles of the members.

Through this chapter, we tried to provide a convincing answer to both 
questions by developing a logical framework for cybersecurity.
[tried --> try (use present tense wherever possible)]
[chapter --> dissertation; what you are saying here is relevant to the 
whole dissertation, not just this chapter.]

[The text up to this point makes sense, and presents a bold program
for approaching cybersecurity in a different way (even with my
changes). But in what sense is it about methodology? 

The reader does want to understand _how_ this project can be
achieved. Especially when the chapter is called "Methdology".
What you need to explain is _how_ can ethical principles be
incorporated in cybersecurity design.

Given the preceding text, the reader will be ready to accept a radical
proposal for the method. This is good. Even if you propose a method that
is unconventional, if it seems to be the right method for this
difficult proposal (of incorporating ethics in cybersecurity systems),
the reader will accept it.

I therefore suggest adding:]

What is the right methodology to discover how to incorporate ethical
principles in cybersecurity design?

[The next section now makes sense. It can be viewed as an answer to that
question.]

form --> from

dessertation --> dissertation

[ [Delete]

In this section, we developed concepts and tools
[This paragraph seems to be out of place]


