to commit crimes or trade illegally through Deeb web.

["Deeb web" is mis-spelled, and, in addition, has an inappropriate capital
letter ("D"), and, in addition to that, lacks the article "the". By
these mistakes, you suggest to the reader that you feel yourself to be
"naive", ie you have self-doubt that you understand what you are saying.

Naturally, you do have self-doubts. But these are exaggerated when you
make these unnecessary grammatical mistakes. Please always use the correct
rules for capital letters.  They are only used at the start of a sentence,
for "proper names" (ie the name of something), and in acronyms. It has
nothing to do with importance. You should understand that the deep web
is a feature of the Internet. It deserves to be treated as an object,
hence: "the" is required.         ....done

immoral issues

[Interesting. Limitation of "Immorality" is not usually considered an
objective of technical research. I think the point you are making will
be more effective if you can find a word for what you are aiming which
is a little "softer". I can't think of the right word, or expression,
at the moment, but I am confident it can be re-expressed a little better
than this.]

[Having thought about this further, it seems to me that in the West
there is an important distinction between "immoral" and "illegal".

Any behaviour or action which does not cause harm to another person 
is unlikely to be declared _illegal_. Therefore, the class of behaviour/actions
regarded as "immoral" is strictly larger than the class of behaviour/actions
which are "illegal". 

Likewise, it is unlikely that any behaviour/actions which are regarded
as immoral by one or another party, or group, but do not cause
harm to others, will ever be regulated, except by the receiving parties,
and in that case, it can be imposed as a voluntary constraint.

Another distinction which probably applies here is that the term "immorality"
is not free from influence from partisan bias; in particular, what is moral
or immoral varies considerably according to the ethnicity and religion
of the claimant. The regulation which is generally accepted, over the
internet, needs, in most cases, to be in accordance with _all_ major
ethnic and religious principles, not just those of a minority.

If the result is a system of regulation which appears to lack some critical
features, so be it. The internet was not set up to take the role of
school chaplin.
